Add breakpoint section to new debugger's introduction (#43732)
rails/rails: guides/source/debugging_rails_applications.md

class variables: @@raise_on_missing_translations  @@raise_on_open_redirects
```

### Breakpoints

> There are many ways to insert and trigger a breakpoint in the debugger. In additional to adding debugging statements (e.g. `debugger`) directly in your code, you can also insert breakpoints with commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many ways to insert and trigger a breakpoint in the debugger. In additional to adding debugging statements (e.g. `debugger`) directly in your code. You can also insert breakpoints with commands:
```

- `break` (or `b`)
  - `break` - list all breakpoints
  - `break <num>` - set a breakpoint on the `num` line of the current file
  - `break <file:num>` - set a breakpoint on the `num` line of `file`
  - `break <Class#method>` or `break <Class.method>` - set a breakpoint on `Class#method` or `Class.method`

>   - `break <expr>.<method>` - sets a breakpoint on `<expr>` result's `<method>` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `break <expr>.<method>` - set a breakpoint on `<expr>` result's `<method>` method.
```

   173|       body = [body] unless body.nil? || body.respond_to?(:each)
   174|       response.reset_body!
   175|       return unless body
   176|       response.body = body
   177|       super
=> 178|     end
   179|
   180|     # Tests if render or redirect has already happened.
   181|     def performed?
   182|       response_body || response.committed?
=>#0    ActionController::Metal#response_body=(body=["<html><body>You are being <a href=\"ht...) at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/action_controller/metal.rb:178 #=> ["<html><body>You are being <a href=\"ht...
  #1    ActionController::Redirecting#redirect_to(options=#<Post id: 13, title: "qweqwe", content:..., response_options={:allow_other_host=>false}) at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/action_controller/metal/redirecting.rb:74
  # and 82 frames (use `bt' command for all frames)

Stop by #0  BP - Watch  #<PostsController:0x00007fce69ca5320> @_response_body =  -> ["<html><body>You are being <a href=\"http://localhost:3000/posts/13\">redirected</a>.</body></html>"]
(rdbg)
```

#### Breakpoint options

> In addition to different types of breakpoints, you can also specify options to achieve more advanced debugging workflow. Currently, the debugger supports 4 options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to different types of breakpoints, you can also specify options to achieve more advanced debugging workflow. 
Currently, the debugger supports 4 options:
```

    10|   # GET /posts/1 or /posts/1.json
    11|   def show
=>#0    PostsController#index at ~/projects/rails-guide-example/app/controllers/posts_controller.rb:7
  #1    ActionController::BasicImplicitRender#send_action(method="index", args=[]) at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/actionpack-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/action_controller/metal/basic_implicit_render.rb:6
  # and 72 frames (use `bt' command for all frames)
(rdbg:binding.break) info
%self = #<PostsController:0x00000000017480>
@_action_has_layout = true
@_action_name = "index"
@_config = {}
@_lookup_context = #<ActionView::LookupContext:0x00007fce3ad336b8 @details_key=nil, @digest_cache=...
@_request = #<ActionDispatch::Request GET "http://localhost:3000/posts" for 127.0.0.1>
@_response = #<ActionDispatch::Response:0x00007fce3ad397e8 @mon_data=#<Monitor:0x00007fce3ad396a8>...
@_response_body = nil
@_routes = nil
@marked_for_same_origin_verification = true
@posts = #<ActiveRecord::Relation [#<Post id: 2, title: "qweqwe", content: "qweqwe", created_at: "...
@rendered_format = nil
```

#### Program your debugging workflow

With those options, you can script your debugging workflow in one line like:

```rb
def create

>   debugger(do: "catch ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid do: bt 10")

Reviewer: Is this correct?

Author: Yes. Which part looks incorrect to you? I can probably give you an explanation?

  # ...
end
```

And then the debugger will run the scripted command and insert the catch breakpoint

```rb
(rdbg:binding.break) catch ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid do: bt 10
#0  BP - Catch  "ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid"
[75, 84] in ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/validations.rb
    75|     def default_validation_context
    76|       new_record? ? :create : :update
    77|     end
    78|
    79|     def raise_validation_error
=>  80|       raise(RecordInvalid.new(self))
    81|     end
    82|
    83|     def perform_validations(options = {})
    84|       options[:validate] == false || valid?(options[:context])
=>#0    ActiveRecord::Validations#raise_validation_error at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/validations.rb:80
  #1    ActiveRecord::Validations#save!(options={}) at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/validations.rb:53
  # and 88 frames (use `bt' command for all frames)
```

> Once the catch breakpoint is triggered, it'll print the stack frames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the catch breakpoint is triggered, it'll print the stack frames:
```

```rb
Stop by #0  BP - Catch  "ActiveRecord::RecordInvalid"

(rdbg:catch) bt 10
=>#0    ActiveRecord::Validations#raise_validation_error at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/validations.rb:80
  #1    ActiveRecord::Validations#save!(options={}) at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/validations.rb:53
  #2    block in save! at ~/.rbenv/versions/3.0.1/lib/ruby/gems/3.0.0/gems/activerecord-7.0.0.alpha2/lib/active_record/transactions.rb:302
```

> This technique can save you from repeated manual input and make the debugging experience smoother.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This technique can help you to avoid repeating manual input and makes debugging experience smoother.
```
